Even immortals
Can't save him either
Wang Jun, did you really make this knife?
No.
Then why did you take on the task of 100,000 knife?
This is the crime of bullying the king
Princess, we should report to the emperor immediately
Cut ties with him
Otherwise, we will be implicated by him sooner or later.
I mean, I didn't make this knife.
I didn't say I couldn't cast.
58 years of great change in steel
The small blast furnace used is very easy to prevent
But with a knife and a piano
The knife that is beaten out will definitely exceed this kind of knife.
The katana of the island country uses these two words
That's much sharper, recognized around the world
Wang Xuan
I can ignore you no matter how much you usually mess around.
But this is serious.
It's about the life and death of our big fish
You can't have any wings
Don't worry, the princess promises to complete the task.
What does the emperor want to talk about?
Wang Xun's northern soldiers are in urgent need of supplies
But Wang Xun has been the governor of the Arms Bureau for seven days
Not even a single sword was forged
This is clearly a deliberate delay
So that I can be better than losing the northern warriors?
Wang Xun
Are you really not even crafted for battle?
Yes
You'd better give me a reasonable explanation
Otherwise I want your head